Integration testing is useful for testing the entire application.
A unit test checks if one small unit of your APS is working as it should.
Whereas an integration test maps the entire request and response lifecycle.
In this lesson, you will learn the difference between unit and integration testing.
A unit test verifies a small individual unit of your application.
Unit testing is the process of testing a single unit or a small portion of code to verify that it's
behaving as it should.
You need a unit test for every method that provides meaningful logic.
Now having a test for individual units of your application increases your confidence and modifying the
code.
Because if every test passes, then your business logic works.
If you make a mistake, one of your unit tests is going to fail and the failing test will prompt you
to fix your mistake until it passes again.
Now an integration test maps the entire request and response lifecycle and integration test traverses
all of the applications layers.
First, it makes a mock request to a handler method.
Business related operations occur in the business logic layer.
And data access in the data layer.
After the test maps, the entire request and response life cycle, it will make assertions.
Typically, the assertions involve a response, the view and the model.
There is no spring container, there is no spring context.
When your unit testing a unit test verifies a method in complete isolation so it doesn't need a spring
container.
We can just mock all of our dependencies using j units.
Now you need the spring context.
You need the spring container when integration testing.
An integration test traverses all of the applications layers from the controller to the repository.
So it needs access to all of the beans inside of the spring container.
Last thing to know is always create unit tests before integration tests.
An integration test verifies the interaction of every component in your application.
It doesn't make any sense to verify the interaction of these components when the business logic is defective.
So first you should unit test every meaningful piece of business logic inside of your service.
And once you're certain that the business logic is behaving as it should, then integration tests can
verify the interaction of different layers in your application.
So to recap and integration test maps the entire request and response lifecycle.
There is no spring container on unit testing.
You do not need beans when testing one method and complete isolation.
You need the spring context.
Do you need the spring container?
When integration, testing and integration test traverses all of the applications layers from the controller
to the repository.
And finally, unit testing comes before integration testing.